CI Images are now pre-build and stored in registry (#10368)
mistercrunch/Airflow: BREEZE.rst

        You can also pass '--production-image' flag to build production image rather than CI image.

>         For DockerHub pull --dockerhub-user and --dockerhub-repo flags can be used to specify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        For DockerHub pull '--dockerhub-user' and '--dockerhub-repo' flags can be used to specify
```

See line above. Keep formatting consistent.
